# LabViewCodes_HexapodPilatus
The presented LabView codes show the usage of Physik Instrumente (PI) hexapod with Piltatus detector. 

To communicate with camserver of Pilatus detector, you need to install LabView 2012 and Internet Toolkit 2012, which contains LabView Telnet communication library. The telnet communication library is used to send commands to camserver of Pilatus detector. The communication with hexapod is done with user library developed by Physik Instrumente to send commands to hexapod. 

The programs RockingCurve_TerminalHexapod_Pilatus100K.vi, RockingCurve_TerminalHexapod_Pilatus200K.vi and RockingCurve_TerminalHexapod_Pilatus300K.vi perform rocking curve measurement or adjustment of the angle of incidence in GIWAXS and GISAXS experiment. In the program, you go to Rocking Curve - Linear tab. You take one image for example with filter and exposure time of 1 second. You evaluate total intensity in primary beam and calculates half of the total intensity. Then, you scan with Z axis of the hexapod with sample through the primary beam, and you find Z position of the hexapod, for which the half of the intensity in the primary beam is on the detector. In the second step of rocking curve algorithm, you tilt the sample to change angle of incidence. It is done in the Rocking Curve - Rotation tab. You measure dependance of the intensity in the primary beam on the U axis (tilt around X axis of hexapod). The tilt angle U with maximum intensity corresponds to the zero angle of incidence. You repeat these two iteration steps until the zero angle of incidence is found. Then, adjust final angle of incidence in Move Absolute & Relative tab. 

The hexapod_scanning_single_axis.vi and GIWAXS_hexapod_rocking_curve.vi perform single axis scanning with hexapod and taking images with Pilatus detector.  
